hi this is Chris from the go vacuum
outlet showing you the listing we have
for the pro team super coach HEPA
backpack vacuum cleaner and used like
brand-new condition it really doesn't
get any better quality and condition
than this
it doesn't appear the machine has been
used at all the original plastic
wrapping around the cord is still there
all the attachments are still in the
original packaging as well as the wands
and owner's manual the floor tool as you
can see doesn't appear to be used at all
no scratches or signs of use also the
machine itself it's completely pristine
those scratches anywhere to be seen
when we open it up you can see inside
the bag there's no sign of any dirt and
inside there that have but looks
brand-new we've tested the machine out
completely it works great this is an
excellent vacuum and it is certified
HEPA so it can be used in areas for
hazardous materials it will come with a
30-day full money-back guarantee from
the go vacuum outlet if you are not
satisfied with the condition or the
performance of the machine you can
return it to us within 30 days of your
purchase for a full 100% refund
we don't take restocking fees or
shipping charges we give you a full
refund also included with your order
will be a return label that you can use
to return it to us free of charge will
pay for your return shipping even this
is the pro team super coach back HEPA
with the one and a half inch attachment
set and carpet tool there and you can
see the box there is still in excellent
condition and it's really a great price
and a great machine don't miss out on
this opportunity and if you have any
questions about this product or any
other listing that you see on on our
site please feel free to contact us
either by email
or phone we're happy to answer any
question that you have before and after
the sale mmm that's about it thanks a
lot for watching